stock_picking_invoicing/README.rst, before:

=======================
Stock Picking Invoicing
=======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/10.0/stock_picking_invoicing
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-10-0/account-invoicing-10-0-stock_picking_invoicing
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/10.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to create invoices directly from picking, without having to
use sale or purchase orders.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to your picking;
#. If the invoice status is 'To be invoiced', a button will ask you to create an invoice;
#. Into the Tree view, you can select many pickings and create a grouped invoice;
#. If at least an invoice is created for a picking, a new "Invoicing" tab appears.


If an invoice (not refund) is cancelled or deleted, invoice status of related picking is automatically
updated to "To be invoiced".


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_picking_invoicing%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Agile Business Group

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Lorenzo Battistini <lorenzo.battistini@agilebg.com>
* Leonardo Pistone <leonardo.pistone@agilebg.com>
* Daniel Sadamo <daniel.sadamo@kmee.com.br>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* Florent THOMAS <florent.thomas@mind-and-go.com>
* François Honoré <francois.honore@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/10.0/stock_picking_invoicing>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[12.0][MIG][REF] Included dependency of module stock_picking_invoice_link from repository https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow.git .

stock_picking_invoicing/README.rst, after:

=======================
Stock Picking Invoicing
=======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/12.0/stock_picking_invoicing
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-workflow-12-0/stock-logistics-workflow-12-0-stock_picking_invoicing
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/154/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to create invoices directly from picking, without having to
use sale or purchase orders.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

This module depends on *stock_picking_invoice_link* module that is hosted on
https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow.git.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to your picking;
#. If the invoice status is 'To be invoiced', a button will ask you to create an invoice;
#. Into the Tree view, you can select many pickings and create a grouped invoice;
#. If at least an invoice is created for a picking, a new "Invoicing" tab appears.


If an invoice (not refund) is cancelled or deleted, invoice status of related picking is automatically
updated to "To be invoiced".


Changelog
=========

12.0.1.0.0 (2019-07-16)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 * Migration to version 12.0 .


12.0.2.0.0 (2019-12-19)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 * Included dependency from module stock_picking_invoice_link
   from repository https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow.git.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_picking_invoicing%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Agile Business Group

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Lorenzo Battistini <lorenzo.battistini@agilebg.com>
* Leonardo Pistone <leonardo.pistone@agilebg.com>
* Daniel Sadamo <daniel.sadamo@kmee.com.br>
* Alex Comba <alex.comba@agilebg.com>
* Florent THOMAS <florent.thomas@mind-and-go.com>
* François Honoré <francois.honore@acsone.eu>
* Magno Costa <magno.costa@akretion.com.br>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-workflow/tree/12.0/stock_picking_invoicing>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
