account_invoice_discount_display_amount/README.rst, before:

=======================================
Account Invoice Discount Display Amount
=======================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/14.0/account_invoice_discount_display_amount
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-14-0/account-invoicing-14-0-account_invoice_discount_display_amount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to show the total discount amount
applied to an invoice, both in the backend and the
invoice PDF repot.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. No configuration intructions needed.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Apply a discount on an invoice line.
#. The values 'Discount Total' and 'Total Without Discount'
   will be automatically updated.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_discount_display_amount%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Sygel

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/14.0/account_invoice_discount_display_amount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] account_invoice_discount_display_amount: Migration to 15.0

account_invoice_discount_display_amount/README.rst, after:

=======================================
Account Invoice Discount Display Amount
=======================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/15.0/account_invoice_discount_display_amount
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-15-0/account-invoicing-15-0-account_invoice_discount_display_amount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/webui/builds.html?repo=OCA/account-invoicing&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to show the total discount amount
applied to an invoice, both in the backend and the
invoice PDF repot.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. No configuration instructions needed.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Apply a discount on an invoice line.
#. The values 'Discount Total' and 'Total Without Discount'
   will be automatically updated.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_discount_display_amount%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Sygel

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>
* Alexei Rivera <arivera@archeti.com> (migration to 15.0)

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/15.0/account_invoice_discount_display_amount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
